They are beating up Hua here.
If you have the ability, have a real fight with Grandpa Tangtang.
Zhao Laochong asked four of his subordinates:
It's really a fee that is worth looking at.
Even if I give you ten years to a hundred years, you are still no match for Ah Fu.
Then I'll bully you again
Even this amount of money
I'll beat you into Lu Yu first
you know i pay
I don't want to add more money
Let’s go ahead and have a big dream about homework. It won’t come out.
It's more than the sword madness plus global power.
I will make it thicker and more fruitful
Let me see how long you can act
I took care of a powerful thug
The taller one can own it.
I will definitely let him break all four of you